ADVANTAGE
PRE-ENROLLMENT CHECKLIST 
Before making an enrollment decision, it is important that you fully understand our benefits and rules. If you 
have any questions, you can call and speak to a customer service representative at 1-888-620-1919 (TTY 
1-866-620-2520). 
UNDERSTANDING THE BENEFITS    
 The Evidence of Coverage (EOC) provides a complete list of all coverages and services. It is important to 
review the plan's coverage, costs, and benefits before enrolling. Visit www.sssadvantage.com or call 
1-888-620-1919 (TTY 1-866-6202520) to view a copy of the EOC. 
 Review the Provider Directory (or ask your doctor) to make sure the doctors you see now are in the 
network. If they are not listed, it means you will likely have to select a new doctor.  
 Review the Pharmacy Directory to make sure the pharmacy you use for any prescription medicines is in 
the network. If the pharmacy is not listed, you will likely have to select a new pharmacy for your 
prescriptions.  
 Review the Formulary to make sure your drugs are covered.
UNDERSTANDING IMPORTANT RULES  
 In addition to your monthly plan premium (if applicable), you must continue to pay your Medicare Part B 
premium. This premium is normally taken out of your Social Security check each month. 
 Benefits, premiums and/or copayments/coinsurance may change on January 1, 2027.  
 Except in emergency or urgent situations, we do not cover services by out-ofnetwork providers 
(doctors who are not listed in the Provider Directory). 
 For PPO and HMO-POS plans - Our plan allows you to see providers outside of our network 
(non-contracted providers). However, while we will pay for covered services or certain covered services 
provided by a non-contracted provider, the provider must agree to treat you. Except in an emergency or 
urgent situations, non-contracted providers may deny care. In addition, you may pay a higher cost for 
services received by non-contracted providers. 
 For Chronic Conditions Special Needs plan - This plan is a chronic condition special needs plan 
(C-SNP). Your ability to enroll will be based on verification that you have a qualifying specific severe or 
disabling chronic condition. 
 For Platino plans - This plan is a dual eligible special needs plan (D-SNP). Your ability to enroll will be 
based on verification that you are entitled to both Medicare and medical assistance from a State plan 
under Medicaid.  
 If you are currently enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan, your current Medicare Advantage healthcare 
coverage will end once your new Medicare Advantage coverage starts. If you have Tricare, your 
coverage may be affected once your new Medicare Advantage coverage starts. Please contact Tricare 
for more information. If you have a Medigap plan, once your Medicare Advantage coverage starts, you 
may want to drop your Medigap policy because you will be paying for coverage you cannot use. 
Y0082_26CI005E_C   Triple-S Advantage is an independent licensee of the BlueCross BlueShield Association.
